Web Games:
	Tic Tac Toe
	Connect four
	Star Wars / Space invaders
	Find pair
	`Flappy bird`
	`Pong`
	`Frogger`

-----------------------------------------------------------

Description:
	
	 The website should offer a variety of games for players of all ages and interests, with features designed to enhance your gaming experience. Our website includes a top 5 leaderboard for each game, so you can see how you stack up against other players. You can also leave reviews for each game, so others can learn from your experiences and you can find the best games for you.

Our multiplayer games are designed to be enjoyed with friends, whether you're playing on the same device or online. You can also connect with other gamers through our forum, where you can share tips, tricks, and strategies, or just chat about your favorite games.

We want our users(players) to get an ideea about the game
before they play, so every game on our website includes a preview. And for their security and privacy, we offer authentication and secure login. Users will have a profile page that shows their achievements, top games, and game stats.
	
-----------------------------------------------------------

Functionalities:
	- Top 5 players per game
			As a user, you can see the top 5 five players that played that game, ordered by their highscore on the game

	- Review section per game
			As a user, you can read other players reviews on every game and you can write your own reviews

	- Multiplayer on same device(/online)
			As a user, you can play some games with your friends, on the same device or online 

	- Forum 
			As a user, you can interact with other users through the forum, by writing messages.

	- Every game will have some sort of preview
			As a user, when you enter the game page, you will see a short game footage

	- Authentification
			As a user, you can create an account, and login into that when you access the page in the future

	- Profile page(achievements, top games, stats/game)
			As a user, you will have a profile page, where you will see your achievements, most played games and stats for those.

-----------------------------------------------------------

Description 2.0

	The RetroRetreat is a web application with multiple retro games meant for relaxation and fun where the user logs in or creates an account in order to access the games library. Then he has three sections: games, forum and profile. 
	In the game section there are the games, and for every game the user can: watch a preview, leave a review, see the leaderboard and play the game. In the forum section the user can interact with other users: ask for help, tips and tricks and share thoughts about the games. In the profile section, the user can see his achievements, most played games and his stats on those games.
	Some games feature multiplayer capabilities and the player can choose either play on the same device or online via a generated link.












